Hello there.
It's great to see that you're still with me here
building this project,
and so in this lecture, and the next one
we will build a section which contains
the available homes on the website.
And, I'm actually really excited for this one
because now, you're gonna learn how to build
a rather complex component using a mix of
CSS grid properties, overlapping and flags box.
So basically, what we're gonna do here in this section
is to lay out these cards here, okay?
So each of these homes gets its own card,
and I actually love to design these cards,
so we had a card in the Naders project,
if you remember that one,
and now we have these cards here,
so one card for each home,
and of course, all of this here, all of these elements
they are laid out using CSS grid
and also the six cards that we have here,
they are also laid out in a grid, okay?
So, let's actually start with that overall grid
which is a 3x2 grid, such as we had before
in the 'features' section, and then after that
we will start building, so
let's go to our markup here, of course
and create six 'home' elements.
So, 'home', and I'm once more going to use 'emit', here
which I showed you in the 'features' section
and so, I use the curly brackets to add some content
into each of these elements.
So, let's just say 'home card' and then
the number of the element x 6, because you want six,
hit 'tab', and that's it.
And so now we can open up our file here, so the 'homes' file
and start building our grid.
So, of course, our grid container here is this
'homes' element, which is the parent of
our six 'home' grid items.
So, let's define our grid columns here,
and let's do that the exact same way that we did
in the 'features' section, okay?
So, we're going to use 'repeat', and we say that we want
as many columns as fit into the grid container.
And for that, remember, we can use the 'auto-fit' key word.
Okay?
And then, we say that we want each of these columns
to have at least 25 'rem', and that it can go
all the way to one fractional unit.
So, we do that with 'minmax', as we did
many times before, and we set the minimum
to '25rem', meaning 250 pixels
and going all the way to one fractional unit
if there is enough space available for that.
So, again, this is what we did with the 'features' section
and this will ensure, that basically,
these columns are completely responsive,
without having to write a media query at all.
Now, let's also define the gap
between the rows and the columns
at the same time, of 70 pixels.
And then just for 'home', let's define a quick
background color here, just so that we can see
if our grid is working correctly.
So, background color, and I'm gonna use
'color-grey-light-1', okay?
So, this one here,
and that's actually the real background color
that these cards will have, so
let's check that out now.
And for some reason, that's not quite working yet
and, um, yeah, that's because I keep forgetting
to set the 'display' property to 'grid'.
So, 'display: grid'.
And also, let's add some margin here,
such as in the 'features' section.
So, '15rem', top and bottom, and zero on these sides.
Okay, and so now, that should look better.
And, yeah.
Now, what's this weird background color?
Now, I think that's, yeah, we left that here.
So, of course we need to get rid of that.
And, alright, so here we have
our six 'home' cards, basically.
Now, all we have to do is to fill them
and then, of course, style them
which is gonna be the toughest part.
So, let's start with the content in the HTML, okay?
So, we don't want any of this,
let's give it some space here, and so
what do we actually have in each of these home cards?
Well, let's actually go back and check it out
that's the easiest way.
So, we have the image here, which shows the home
then we have, like, this 'heart' button here
which is basically so that the user can click this,
and then put it on the wish list.
So, saying that he likes, this property,
then we have, of course, the name of the property,
the location, how many rooms it has, the area,
the price, and then down here we have this button
where we can then click and contact a realtor.
Okay, so, again, image, then this 'heart' icon here,
then we have he name of the house,
then these four details, and then finally, a button.
So, let's put all of that here into our component.
So, the image, and I'm gonna call it
the 'home__img', very simple, okay?
So, source, it's an image folder and 'home',
or, actually, it's 'house', I believe.
So, 'house-1.jpeg',
and let's just call it 'House 1'.
Next up, we have the 'heart' icon,
and let's actually copy this, the syntax, here
for the 'svg', because it's rather difficult
to write it all out, so, this one is called
'home__like',
and the name of the icon is 'heart-full'.
And so, that is the 'like' icon.
Next up, we have the name of the home
and for that, I'm going to use an 'h5' element
but this time, not a re-usable one, because
we want this one only to be in here
and so, this is called the 'home__name'
and it's a beautiful family house.
Next up, we have these four details about the property
so, the location, rooms, area and price.
And so, each of these will be one element
so, a 'diff' called 'home__location'
and then, in here we will have an icon
and a paragraph for the text.
Okay, so, this one is called the 'map-pin'
and then, for the text, let's just say it's in the USA
and I'm actually not going to give these ones here
a class name, because I would have to call this,
like, 'home__location-icon' and then 'home__location-text'
or something, and I don't think that's necessary.
So, let's just keep it here at 'home__location'
and then we know that we can style the 'svg' in there
and the 'p' element in there separately, okay?
So, let's check that out at this point.
And so, of course, the image here is huge,
and all of this looks rather strange, but, yeah
that's because we didn't format anything at all.
So, this will actually be quite similar for the other ones
so I'm just gonna copy this a couple of times,
and so, the first one was '__location',
then the second one is the '__rooms',
then this one will be '__area',
and the last one is the '__price'.
So for the '__rooms', we have this icon
called 'profile-male'
saying '5 rooms'
then we have 'icon expand' here for the area
and 325 square meters, so let's now use
the 'sub' element here,
I'm not sure if you're familiar with this one,
but basically, what it does is that
it moves the text a bit up, and so in this case,
because we have square meters, the two should be a bit
on top of the two, of the 'm', actually
so, just like this, so, square meters.
Maybe in the US, you're gonna use square feet,
or something like that, I'm not really sure,
but here in Europe, we use, of course, square meters.
Then, for the price, we have the 'key' icon
and let's say that this one costs
one point two million dollars.
So, quite an expensive home, but again,
we're talking about luxury homes here,
so that's reasonable, okay, looks good to me.
Now, all that's left is the button.
So, 'button', and now we're gonna re-use
the one that we created before, which is called,
simply, 'cta',
and 'Contact realtor'.
Okay, and that's it, and let's now just confirm
if everything is okay,
and it is.
Okay, and so we're now ready to do the same thing here
for all the other five homes,
and if you find it a bit boring to watch me
creating this HTML structure here,
then you can just use the final code
and skip this part until the end of the video, okay?
So, then you don't have to waste time doing all of this.
But, anyway, I will do it here, now, in the video
and so, if you want to join me doing that,
then, of course, you're more than welcome.
So, let's get rid of this,
and three, four, five, and six.
So, that is a lot of code here.
Where does it even start?
Okay, there, so this is the first one,
this is the second one.
So, this is simply house number two,
it is called the 'Modern Glass Villa',
so, 'Modern Glass Villa'.
And, if you're wondering how I selected
all of this text here, at the same time,
I simply used this shortcut here
for 'Expand Selection', okay?
So, on your computer, maybe this is a different shortcut
but, I used this one here, okay?
So, basically, with that we can select all of the text
that is inside of two tags, like this one here, okay?
So, we have 'Canada' here, '6 rooms',
'450 m',
and '$2,750,000',
okay, so, next one.
It's a 'Cozy Country House'.
It's in the 'UK', it has '4 rooms',
'250 m', and it costs only '$850,000'.
I think I forgot the image, here.
Yeah, that's right.
So, two.
This one is number three, or, actually
this one should be number four already.
So, number two, yep, that's number three, here.
And so, this one is the 'Large Rustic Villa'
located in 'Portugal'
with '6 rooms', '480 m',
and '$1,950,000'.
Number five,
it's a 'Majestic Palace House'
in 'Germany, with a mind-blowing
'18 rooms',
and '4,230 m',
so of course,
I came up with all of this here arbitrarily,
so none of this is real at all.
So, if you're a realtor by chance,
and none of this makes any sense to you,
then I'm sorry for that.
I just wanted to come up with some project, here,
and so I made up all of these numbers.
So, a 'Modern Family Apartment', this one is in 'Italy',
with only '3 rooms', '180 m',
and '$600,000'.
Okay, and so that's it.
So that's our content in the HTML,
it looks all kind of weird now,
and that's because these images are way too big,
such as the icons, so let's just very quickly fix that
so in order that it doesn't look that bad.
So, let's close this one here, and this one.
And so let's here now add the selectors for the image,
and let's say, with 100%,
and so that should make it better.
Then, we can also add all the other selectors here.
So, the one for '__like',
for the '__name',
and then the ones for the '__location', '__rooms',
'__area' and '__price', they will actually be all the same.
Okay, and so let's add them all into one bigger selector.
So, '__location',
the '__rooms',
the '__area',
and the '__price'.
And then remember, that in there we have
the 'svg' and the 'p', right?
So, in each of them, we have the icon,
and then the 'p' element, okay?
So, let's add that as well,
So, of course, as a nested element here,
because it's inside of these selectors,
and the same for the 'p'.
So, let's also now style these 'svg's,
because these icons are way too big now.
So, first we can also fill them,
so change their color basically,
and again, I'm going to use 'color-primary',
and then a 'height' and a 'width' of '2rem',
and again, the 'height' and the 'width'
here being the exact same value.
Okay, and so just like this,
this looks a bit more friendly now.
So that is the first part
of building this section and its own cards.
In the next section, we're then gonna take care
of actually building the cards and laying out
all of these elements.
So, if you're ready for that, then let's move on together.